INTRODUCTION
A new approach towards automobile safety and security with autonomous region primarily based automatic automotive system is projected during this conception. we have a tendency to propose 3 distinct however closely connected ideas viz. a Drowsy Driver Detection system and a traffic detection system with external vehicle intrusion dodging primarily based conception. In recent time’s automobile fatigue connected crashes have very enlarged. so as to attenuate these problems, we’ve incorporated driver alert system by watching each the driver’s eyes still as sensing still because the driver state of affairs based  primarily based native setting recognition based AI system is projected.

ABSTRACT
Nowadays, more and more professions require long-term concentration. Drivers must keep a close eye on the road, so they can react to sudden events immediately. Driver fatigue often becomes a direct cause of many traffic accidents. Therefore, there is a need to develop the systems that will detect and notify a driver of her/him bad psychophysical condition, which could significantly reduce the number of fatigue-related car accidents. However, the development of such systems encounters many difficulties related to fast and proper recognition of a driver’s fatigue symptoms. One of the technical possibilities to implement driver drowsiness detection systems is to use the vision-based approach. This article presents the currently used driver drowsiness detection systems. Here we are detecting the driver drowsiness by estimating vision system of him .
